Fix links in root readme (#21)
wso2/choreo-docs: README.md

> ### Learn more about Choreo by exploring the below topics

Author: ```suggestion
### Explore the topics given below to learn more about Choreo
```

> 

Reviewer: Explore the topics given below to learn more about Choreo:

[1. About Choreo](portal-docs/introduction-to-choreo.md)

[2. Application Triggers](portal-docs/trigger.md)

[3. Relative Path from Host](portal-docs/path.md)

> 

Reviewer: Set a Relative Path from Host

[4. APIs / Connectors](portal-docs/connector.md)

5. Statements

[6. Using the Expression Editor](portal-docs/expression-editor.md)

> 

Reviewer: Shall we say "Use the Expression Editor"
